Natalie Austin: No clue.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Oh I ordered it online, but
Natalie Austin: It was supposed to be.
Natalie Austin: I put Aiden in the box or says, What name do you want
Natalie Austin: That came with Samuel. And I'm like, I don't have a Samuel in my house.
Natalie Austin: Yes, thinking
Natalie Austin: So I'm doing it. I didn't actually see him. Alright, see it.
Natalie Austin: Says completed.
Natalie Austin: Yourself.
Natalie Austin: That's the easy way out.
Oh,
Kelsey Mcginty: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Hi. Yes. Can you hear me.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yes, like, yeah.
Natalie Austin: We turn it up a little bit.
Natalie Austin: Are you today.
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh, I'm good. How about yourself.
Good.
Kelsey Mcginty: Surviving the quarantine.
Natalie Austin: I know, it's crazy, isn't it.
Kelsey Mcginty: Well hey gas is $1 a gallon no
Kelsey Mcginty: $1 gallon gas station right now. That's great.
Natalie Austin: I'm coming out there.
Natalie Austin: What part of a high are you in
Akron.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I live, I live right of order from Boardman
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay. All right.
Kelsey Mcginty: My sister lives.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: I have to go over there.
That's funny.
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh, there we go.
Yeah, you're not too far.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah, I live. I actually live right I live in Pennsylvania, but I'm right over the border.
Natalie Austin: I'm Darlington okay yeah so I thought
Kelsey Mcginty: It'd be worth or $13 club.
Natalie Austin: I know, yeah, it's
Natalie Austin: It's worth here.
Kelsey Mcginty: But it's still okay that's still not awful. I mean, when I got my license. It was $3 and 85 cents a gallon. I remember because I filled my dad filled the car up that he gave me
Kelsey Mcginty: For my birthday. When I was 16 and it was agreed it was it was a little Ford Escort and it costs like $40 to fill it up.
Kelsey Mcginty: They know
Natalie Austin: A big difference. I know.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right.
Natalie Austin: Um, okay, so what, how do you spell your last name.
Kelsey Mcginty: MC g i n t y
Natalie Austin: Kelsey Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, do you say McGinty, is that how you say that
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay sep tember 20th 1995
Natalie Austin: Correct. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, so are you new to Suboxone
Kelsey Mcginty: No. Um, so I've been buying Suboxone on the streets. Ever since I lost my insurance, like, a year and a half ago, you know, and to be completely 100% honest It's cheaper to buy it on the streets and it is
Kelsey Mcginty: A and then pay for your prescription drugs out there and it's unfortunate. The unfortunate thing about it, you know, but I just finally got insurance couple days ago and
Kelsey Mcginty: So,
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, I want to do things the right way. It's just, you know, I'm I don't want to go back to using heroin. So it was, you know,
Kelsey Mcginty: There was really no option there because you can I you know I can't afford $200 a week or every other week plus another hundred 50 for prescription. You know, it's just ludicrous.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, it is.
Natalie Austin: I will tell me about your story, like how how you got into opioids and heroin.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Well, how old were you when you started
Natalie Austin: I live. Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: 18 and it was just like, I mean, I did I show. I grew up showing horses and stuff.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah it Arabs and, you know,
Natalie Austin: There is a beautiful
Kelsey Mcginty: old guy just passed away a couple years ago he was old retired and living is heavy life.
Kelsey Mcginty: Just eating grass, you know, but um so I shouldn't worse is pretty much like my whole high school and everything. And like I was, you know, like a good kid. I don't really do watch like
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, I'd hang out with friends I smoke weed like once in a while, you know, and it was just like, one of the things one night. It was like
Kelsey Mcginty: Went out with a freshman here. You want to get a little bit of weed smoke some weed. I'm like, Okay, whatever. So, you know, couldn't find we she messaged like one of our friends older brothers and
Kelsey Mcginty: He was like, yeah, I can get some weed and like you know we didn't know you know we were 18 at the time. We have no idea like
Kelsey Mcginty: That he was just dope feeding us you know he wanted to get heroin, you know, and he didn't. He knew he couldn't even get we to begin with. So that, you know, it turns out, like we go there we get there and, you know, get it.
Kelsey Mcginty: Is and then he's like, oh, they didn't have any weed, but they have this and this is like doing Percocet, so why not. And I'm just like, Okay, whatever. I spent $80 on it. So, but it was actually heroin.
Kelsey Mcginty: So, I mean, after that, I mean it was just, it was fantastic. But, you know, shortly thereafter, you learn that everything else that comes with it is not fantastic
Natalie Austin: Very good. Wow. Oh, how old are you, 24 all you're smart.
Natalie Austin: You're smart for 24 year old.
Natalie Austin: Lot wisdom comes with age, but not you. Awesome.
Kelsey Mcginty: That's gonna be how to live a long life and a couple years you know 20 years
Natalie Austin: Yeah, well, did you just you smoked it done, or did you snort it or how do you
Kelsey Mcginty: Guys know that
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, and
Kelsey Mcginty: I started it for like probably about, I don't know, like three or four months and then that's why I'm then
Kelsey Mcginty: That's when I decided to shoot it or whatever with
Kelsey Mcginty: That same friends older brother, because he was like, well, here this is just an easier way to do it, but he really just wanted to do it all for himself and just give me a tiny little bit
Kelsey Mcginty: And I, I mean, now I can sit back and look back on it, know exactly what he was doing, because you know it's like all
Natalie Austin: You hook, though I don't know what what angle. Did he have to get you hooked on it.
Kelsey Mcginty: I have no idea. I mean, probably just because he knew I was another person that just the misery loves company, you can find another person that you know can come up with some money every once in a while and you know
Kelsey Mcginty: Feeds is and you know I did. I remember the day that I woke up and I was texting my friend and I said, I feel like shit. Today, like I have the flu and she texted me back. Welcome to the wonderful world of being dog stick and it was just like one of those like I was
When I
Kelsey Mcginty: Was like moments of just not like an aha moment but like a moment of Holy shit, like, all right, like I smack in the face from reality. Like you just realized like,
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, this is what it is, what the hell.
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Kelsey Mcginty: That's when I knew I mean, from that moment. It was like, oh wow I'm not sick with the flu like she's like yeah you're dope sick. I said was like it was just because I didn't, you know, I, I wasn't doing it that much like every couple days. But, you know, still at the point
Kelsey Mcginty: I guess your body still because dependent on it eventually
Natalie Austin: She started. She's not like every other day or so from then on.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, man. I mean, then it came went to every single day. You know, as much as I could get to, you know,
Kelsey Mcginty: Much as I couldn't get
Kelsey Mcginty: In. I mean, it was, it was Ross, I
Kelsey Mcginty: I cuz then I like stopped you know
Kelsey Mcginty: Doing it is like a social thing. You know, I just like
Kelsey Mcginty: Became a recluse, and just would just go, go get my drugs and go home and watch movies in my bed and just be high and not do anything else in my life.
Natalie Austin: Do you stop selling horses.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, I mean I would ride them every so often, but I was just too worried about getting drugs, the
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, I still. I mean, I still have a board in my old guy until he passed away aboard in a minute at a barn, but I didn't go see him every day. Like I was
But my
Kelsey Mcginty: I'm into horses. The horses now oh my actually just bought a horse, and I've been helping her with her. And I mean, unfortunately. Now I'm just young and
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, I live on my own. So unfortunately horses are just one of those things that you can't really afford when you're a young 24 year old kid that doesn't make very much money.
Natalie Austin: You all someday, though you oh
Kelsey Mcginty: Yes, that's
Natalie Austin: Great.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right, I never. That's one thing I'm never gonna say. So number one, another horse again isn't
Kelsey Mcginty: I keep trying to talk to my fiance and everyone in our backyard.
Kelsey Mcginty: I have two ducks. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Cool, yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: To Park workers and Biggie flaps.
Kelsey Mcginty: Your house ducks.
Natalie Austin: Haha does cured.
They know their names.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, to pot Quakers and Biggie flaps.
Natalie Austin: I mean, do you want to call them. Do they know
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
Natalie Austin: It's cute like a dog.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, and I know by they're different. They have different quacks to like so I can hear which one my fantasies always like, how do you know which ones quacking. I said, because they have different quacks there's like a dog is different barks.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, that's cool.
Natalie Austin: raised them from babies.
Kelsey Mcginty: I did they were I got one last year. This time at rule King
Kelsey Mcginty: There were 75 cents if they're on sale. I think they were going to get sent to, like, you know, the duck nuggets factory or something.
Natalie Austin: Like
Kelsey Mcginty: 75 cents, say, you know, I wanted one and then the fans that well boyfriend at the time was like, well, we have to get two of them. Then, and I'm like, you're signing up for this.
Kelsey Mcginty: So yeah, I go under their silly they wear diapers and their house ducks. I mean, they live in the house.
Natalie Austin: Your diapers.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, horrible.
Natalie Austin: Sounds good, asking if you take them off to go pee pee outside at all.
Kelsey Mcginty: Um, I mean I when it's warm out during the summer.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Kelsey Mcginty: They're out like I have like a pen built for them and stuff. They're out like three quarters of the day they just sleep inside, though, because like
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, in Ohio. Here we have like hawks and, you know, even though I live in a city still hawks and dogs and stuff that could come in and get them.
Kelsey Mcginty: So I would feel heartbroken if I left them outside. One night, Nikki mountain. There were just a little touch of blood and feathers leftover
Oh,
Natalie Austin: You got when you got on when they were babies. So how long, how long you had them.
Kelsey Mcginty: A year.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay. Yeah, the one my bags, um,
Kelsey Mcginty: The other one. Yeah, I know I should sell them. I don't, I'm not a fan of duck eggs. I think they're just too rich, but I've heard tons of people say like how great they are and how great they are for baking.
Natalie Austin: Yeah for baking definitely
Kelsey Mcginty: How healthy, they are for you and they're huge. I mean, they're really
Natalie Austin: Good sell them.
Kelsey Mcginty: I know I think
Kelsey Mcginty: About it. I mean,
Natalie Austin: Going on.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'm not saying these people sell them for
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, I mean I just throw them away. So you know I wouldn't
Natalie Austin: I don't do that.
Kelsey Mcginty: And they're so from there what I mean like the x, we get in the store, you know, the reason we have to keep them refrigerators, because they're already like four or five months old by the time we get them, you know,
Kelsey Mcginty: I know
Kelsey Mcginty: It's like you don't even have to refrigerate them for. Same thing with like fresh chicken eggs you technically don't have to refrigerate them for a while.
I know
Kelsey Mcginty: I'm all about, like, you know, raising your own
Kelsey Mcginty: You know road food and, you know, being able to know what you eat and put in your body and stuff.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Amen.
Natalie Austin: How many eggs. Today I'm Les
Kelsey Mcginty: Know, does the one layer day
Natalie Austin: One day yeah that's like a chicken does
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, I heard like some in like a 5 million duck groups on Facebook and I've heard that, um, you know, that's actually really good for such a young dog.
Kelsey Mcginty: Breed that the one doc. That leaves eggs. It's a like the breed supposed to be.
Kelsey Mcginty: Specifically for good egg laying
Natalie Austin: Oh really,
Kelsey Mcginty: And I had no idea. I just picked them out of the sale, then
Natalie Austin: I know that's cool, though. So nice surprise. Were you shocked. The first time you, lady, she laid an egg.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah. Well, I was like,
Kelsey Mcginty: I was like, proud, though, like so.
Kelsey Mcginty: That's maybe you know she's all grown up.
Natalie Austin: She's now a mommy. Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: Even though they'll never hash.
Natalie Austin: That's what I tell her, because she has
Kelsey Mcginty: Right now, and I'm like all right to park. You can sit on. I said, you know that they're never going to hatch.
Natalie Austin: Item
Kelsey Mcginty: Can you promise to hear you. Yeah, you're because it talks aren't very good like mothers like his chickens are so because they just kind of like neglect them or won't sit on, or they
Kelsey Mcginty: Just don't really care. So a lot of duck eggs have to be incubated that you can
Kelsey Mcginty: Try to catch him out naturally. But it's not the survival rate is not very high.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: That's interesting.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So, at age 18 like 19 think is that when you when you started doing the IV.
Natalie Austin: Here.
Kelsey Mcginty: I had just turned 18 and to those was a 2013. Yeah, it was. I was probably 19 by them, because it was what to those 14
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, because there's 2014
Natalie Austin: Now you're 24 so how long, how long were you using
Kelsey Mcginty: Up until 2008 2018 so I went into detox the week of Christmas.
Kelsey Mcginty: 2000, those are
Natalie Austin: Eating eating.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yes, that was those 2017 right there at the end. And then I got this second I got out the day after New Year's. So it was then 2018
Kelsey Mcginty: So then, and then I had insurance. And so then I was going to Suboxone Dr.
Kelsey Mcginty: Carolyn science.
Natalie Austin: Today, so are you on Suboxone in the rehab center.
Kelsey Mcginty: They did a taper.
Natalie Austin: That's awesome. Good. Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Well, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: I'm glad they did that. That way you're not, you know, throw on the street, you know,
Right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, so it was. I mean it was just like a
Kelsey Mcginty: Quick, you know, it's like fibers. Well, I was there. There are 25th. Oh, is there 10 days because usually they only keep you five but I had to go in because I was out of County and out of
Kelsey Mcginty: Out of County and I didn't have. I didn't have insurance, they sent me out for insurance there, but I was out of County, so I had to go in with pencils in my system so that they would keep me
Kelsey Mcginty: Understand that whole thing. But I guess that's the thing, because if you have no insurance and stuff. They'll just kick you out just for heroin.
Natalie Austin: Interesting.
Kelsey Mcginty: I know it's I try and I'm like, Are you guys like serious. So then my mom gave me half of a Xanax that my step dad had
Kelsey Mcginty: Because he's you know prescribed it. And so this is the only way that the old you stay. And I said, this is crazy. I have to take drugs to get into rehab like
Natalie Austin: That doesn't make any sense. I know.
Natalie Austin: Well, you know, there's, I think Ben's that's either three or six day taper like to detox so
Natalie Austin: I bought you some more days, I guess, I don't know.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, I think that's what it was, um,
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, they're like be there for like two two or three days without it without doing anything think or something.
Kelsey Mcginty: I don't know, I just read Stephen King book, the whole time and
Kelsey Mcginty: Slept I don't really remember that 10 days in my life and I try not to.
Natalie Austin: I know you don't want to
Natalie Austin: Work on
Kelsey Mcginty: Our mind. So I think like it definitely like
Kelsey Mcginty: Makes us forget like you know
Kelsey Mcginty: What's crazy is like
Kelsey Mcginty: When I had my daughter. I don't remember like the pain of childbirth. I don't remember.
Natalie Austin: Right, exactly.
You know,
It's crazy.
Kelsey Mcginty: I don't know. It's like like
Kelsey Mcginty: It's just
Kelsey Mcginty: It's wonderful, but it's just the phenomenon that
Natalie Austin: It's a good thing.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right, right.
Natalie Austin: Or the population would be nothing
Kelsey Mcginty: Why, yo. I know.
Natalie Austin: Women would not be repopulating they remember that pain, you know,
Natalie Austin: Once you have your daughter.
Kelsey Mcginty: Um 2000 and
Kelsey Mcginty: Was it oh my god her birthday was yesterday 2006
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, so I was on CW text during that
Kelsey Mcginty: I did use a little bit during my pregnancy.
Kelsey Mcginty: I had a hard time staying on the side effects.
Kelsey Mcginty: Just because I didn't go through a detox. At that point, so like I went from, you know, shooting grams of heroin every single day to try to take us and I wouldn't stay. I wouldn't let myself stay. Second off, to be able to
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, completely
Kelsey Mcginty: And hear myself to Suboxone or sub you tax program.
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, and unfortunately, you know, that's what it took me to go to detox and completely
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, be able to get off of it to
Kelsey Mcginty: Be on Suboxone because if you would have asked me if I was a supporter of Suboxone three years ago, I would say, hell no, it didn't work for me.
Kelsey Mcginty: But it's because I, I would never, you know, I thought it was one of those things. And because I think they kind of they portray it as like
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh, well, you can detox yourself at home with this about you know Suboxone you can just walk into a doctor's office one day and from shooting heroin and then be on Suboxone and
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, you think to yourself, like, okay, wow, this is great, you know, I'm going to be able to walk in and not be sick, ever, ever, ever.
Kelsey Mcginty: Because of this wonderful miracle drug names boxing because that's not kind of like how they don't want to say advertise it as but that's kind of like
Kelsey Mcginty: What it's made out to be a while because, you know, this is great treatment that people can get for themselves at home without having to, you know, go away aware and
Kelsey Mcginty: And blah, blah, blah. But now, after I I let it work for me. I mean, if I haven't had a thought about using heroin in two years since, you know, since I
Kelsey Mcginty: Completely just put it down.
Natalie Austin: For you.
Kelsey Mcginty: Know my worst day like where I couldn't get a sub for a day or didn't have a sub because I couldn't, you know, find them on the streets, I would just go to sleep and wait until the next day to be able to find one.
Natalie Austin: So whenever you find out you're pregnant, you, um, do you go to a clinic them to get the sub sub attacks or how did you get it, then
Kelsey Mcginty: I went to the Center for Integrative health. There's back down a lot of doctors weren't like
Kelsey Mcginty: Something was being pregnant. I don't know if they weren't allowed or that only certain Doc, I don't know, but now
Kelsey Mcginty: But only there was only one doctor in the complete area to be able to, first of all, I'm
Kelsey Mcginty: pregnant ladies.
Kelsey Mcginty: And he was completely awful, and he told me his
Kelsey Mcginty: son died.
Kelsey Mcginty: And
Kelsey Mcginty: The entire world. I would walk out of each of my book appointments just ball tears and hope.
Kelsey Mcginty: YOU. BYE. Why walked out of the office because I was so sick of being just be little just told how much of a piece of shit. I was
You know,
Natalie Austin: Thanks.
Natalie Austin: That's awful. He treated you like that. I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Crazy just makes us look bad.
Kelsey Mcginty: Now that you know
Kelsey Mcginty: But he kind of did put like a bad taste in my mouth.
Kelsey Mcginty: I think
Kelsey Mcginty: Like doctors and stuff really changed like as far as
Your question.
Kelsey Mcginty: Everything and like
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, nurses, especially
Kelsey Mcginty: nurses were awful near the hospital.
Kelsey Mcginty: They were all office me
Kelsey Mcginty: Feel like I was just
Natalie Austin: That's not right.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: All that's changed now.
Natalie Austin: Just, you know, but yeah, people don't
Natalie Austin: They're not it's more understood now.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I think, back then. No one knew what Suboxone was and
Natalie Austin: You know, and it's all about education, you know,
Kelsey Mcginty: Through the
Natalie Austin: Hated about it. So there's not a stigma. Now, at least not as much
Kelsey Mcginty: Right.
A lot better.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so you're on the sub tasks, just for the nine months or
Natalie Austin: Eight months, whatever. And then after, after you had her you went back to ivy.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Again, yeah. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: But even clean now for your house. Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: So well to
Natalie Austin: 1819 two and a half.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Almost two and a half. So, like, two and what for four months to inform
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Yep. Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: And what I'm see you're on the savvy, you're on the Suboxone eight slash to the tablets or the
Kelsey Mcginty: Just honestly whatever I can find to be completely honest. I mean, I mean, eight milligrams, I take two eight milligrams one in the morning, one at night.
Kelsey Mcginty: But whatever I mean whatever I can find as far as if it's tablets, though, whatever. I mean, you know, the white tablets. The yellow tablets that films.
Kelsey Mcginty: I mean just kind of
Kelsey Mcginty: Honest, whatever, it's just
Natalie Austin: Fine. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, so yeah. What do you want the rehab program. If I put you on the
Natalie Austin: Suboxone not the Savvy text, is that correct
Kelsey Mcginty: Correct, yeah.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Because we usually only use Suboxone or sub you text when you're pregnant.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right. Yeah. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm gonna check something here.
Natalie Austin: Where's your daughter now.
Kelsey Mcginty: Um, she, I mean we have shared parenting. Now thankfully, nothing like went through like CPS or anything because
Kelsey Mcginty: Her dad didn't use or anything. You know, he had no idea that I was
Kelsey Mcginty: So, you know, he's, he was a good candidate, you know, for just
Kelsey Mcginty: And then we went to court and did shared custody.
Kelsey Mcginty: Thank God that we didn't have to do anything, you know, through CPS or
Kelsey Mcginty: Have our attorneys come to an agreement.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your name again MC
Kelsey Mcginty: MC g y NT why
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Date of birth.
920 1995
Natalie Austin: Nine.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yes, correct.
Natalie Austin: 1995. Yep.
Kelsey Mcginty: And then I was seeing like when I when I got out of detox.
Kelsey Mcginty: When my insurance was good. I was going to a doctor.
Kelsey Mcginty: Doctor karate in Medina and
Kelsey Mcginty: My insurance.
Natalie Austin: Right, that's all. Yes. Want to look up here, what the code.
Kelsey Mcginty: For 431114311 his, his zip code, though, is he was in Medina. It was for four to five, six, if that matters.
Natalie Austin: And now I'm looking up your all your prescription so goes under your zip code and things here. Hold on one sec. I'm gonna leave here for a minute.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, no problem.
Kelsey Mcginty: Old address too because I did I was living with my mom now I got my new place.
Natalie Austin: That it came up
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, perfect. Yeah, did okay
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Johnny or pharmacy and Barbara Dayton, Ohio.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: He did 20 days scripts. So we'll eventually get the 20 days at first it's gonna be
Natalie Austin: Like a week and then
Natalie Austin: Medina, Ohio. Ya lo han
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah yeah
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, yeah. And he
Kelsey Mcginty: It might be like it might show on there because he went like went through a period of time where his license for prescribing he didn't renew it so he had to send me to the lady across the street or across the hall, I should say.
Kelsey Mcginty: Until he could prescribe Suboxone again but
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh no, that was Susan are Arsenault or whatever. I don't know. I'm sure you probably see that
Kelsey Mcginty: But then I went back to him.
Natalie Austin: It doesn't show up. That's weird.
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh, that's weird.
Natalie Austin: And it says your last prescription wasn't
Natalie Austin: Rely
Natalie Austin: On Thursday, right,
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So you've been going off the street for a year and a half.
Natalie Austin: Almost what
Kelsey Mcginty: I just got insurance.
Kelsey Mcginty: I've been fighting with Medicaid now for
Kelsey Mcginty: Forever.
Natalie Austin: How did you lose it.
Kelsey Mcginty: Because I got an inheritance from my father when he passed away in 2016
Kelsey Mcginty: And you know, I mean,
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, we don't have to pay inheritance tax now so like, why should I just don't understand why they should go off of it. I mean, it was 20 $20,000 and, you know,
Kelsey Mcginty: That's not a lot of money nowadays I bought a house in the car and you know like I don't have money to pay every single month $500 a month for insurance.
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: Yeah, there's a lot of money.
Natalie Austin: That's not even like a year salary.
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, very
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: I mean, it was a lot of money. Yeah, you know, grateful for it, but like, you know, to be able to pay for private insurance every single month. Like, people don't understand
Natalie Austin: It is a lot
Kelsey Mcginty: Yes, if your job a lot you know people that have jobs that provide it for them are should be so very grateful.
Kelsey Mcginty: No, no, because it
Natalie Austin: Relies on it is a van to pay for
Kelsey Mcginty: Right, and especially like if you're working like if you're living on minimum wage, you cannot afford rent or mortgage and you know insurance car insurance cell phone utilities, you cannot not on $9 an hour.
Natalie Austin: I pay I pay almost 13 1300
Natalie Austin: Almost 1400 dollars a month just for health insurance and the deductible is five grand. So I came in us. It
Natalie Austin: gets ridiculous. Yeah. I'm like, why am I paying this much money. But yeah, it's ridiculous.
Natalie Austin: Right. You're right.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah. So yeah, I've been fighting with them now. So finally I guess it's been a long enough time.
Kelsey Mcginty: That I
Kelsey Mcginty: I was able to file again.
Kelsey Mcginty: How to get this document and that document and every single document in the world. And, you know, called JFS 5 million times and be on hold until I finally I got it. So I'm thankful
Natalie Austin: Good.
Natalie Austin: So there, you're on on Suboxone four milligram four slash one to four milligram film.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Twice a day game.
Kelsey Mcginty: Today we just kept trying to like decrease me and I kept trying to tell him and explain to them that like it's not it's not working for me, sir, and he just was not understanding it, because I think he was being pressured because he was in trouble for
Natalie Austin: Yeah, probably.
Kelsey Mcginty: Whatever, but like he just didn't want to hear it. And he was just like cut you down one week and not even like try to like
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, like he didn't have a plan, you know, and like
Natalie Austin: As we still practicing
Kelsey Mcginty: I have no idea to be
Natalie Austin: He sounds gonna say
Right.
Kelsey Mcginty: Mostly like pain management stuff. So like
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: But like I didn't. Honestly, like I would go from, you know, visit to visit, not knowing if I would have a prescription next week or not, you know, because
Kelsey Mcginty: Sometimes he just was like, Oh, well, today you're going to go down to two milligrams or something you know something ridiculous or today. I lost my license again so
Natalie Austin: Again, tell them
Kelsey Mcginty: You get a prescription today.
Kelsey Mcginty: Like I'm out buddy, you don't understand that this stuff has it physically dependent on this stuff as well.
Natalie Austin: They still took your money, though, to go there.
Natalie Austin: It's crazy.
Natalie Austin: Um, so do you want to go back. You want to go back to that same to send them the Suboxone for sloshed one twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Sure. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And we have your pharmacy. Right.
Yeah okay, I want to take a look here.
Natalie Austin: Have to go to another screen here, I can do it there. Yes, actually.
Natalie Austin: Screen.
Natalie Austin: I know that
Kelsey Mcginty: Now, if the cuz I was running into a problem with the pharmacies not carrying that
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, so it would be like, because since I guess the four milligrams strips are like weird or so i don't i don't understand it. But I would literally had a drive to join evil in
Kelsey Mcginty: It. I think it was over in like by Youngstown, they get to be able to even just get half of my script filled because none of them even had any like like
Kelsey Mcginty: Even just that partial script around here.
Kelsey Mcginty: Because it isn't something they said they keep stocked
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, I don't know if maybe you could call the pharmacies are some
Kelsey Mcginty: Availability as far as it goes.
Natalie Austin: If there's a problem.
Natalie Austin: We could just, I could order the AIDS and you can just cut it in half.
Natalie Austin: Either credit tablet or cut. Cut the strips or chop the tech the tablet either one.
Natalie Austin: Okay, do that. Okay. But I'll send the script. Um, and I'll put my phone number on there like this CVS pharmacy and we're Robinson Avenue.
Natalie Austin: Sure that where you want it wherever you want.
Kelsey Mcginty: Their work.
Natalie Austin: Okay if I can put a note in here like
Natalie Austin: If fours are not available.
Natalie Austin: Available.
Natalie Austin: Use that eight tues
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And she can cut them.
Natalie Austin: So sound good. Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: Person. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: Can you cut the feet and cut the film. Okay. Yeah. Okay. So if we have to do that. It's fine.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: So for one not available us eight to and she can cut them.
Natalie Austin: I used to put my cell phone on here in case they need to call me anyway, so I'll put that on here.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, cool.
Natalie Austin: Provider cell phone number.
Natalie Austin: How many twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Eight.
Natalie Austin: We usually meet for group on Thursdays. So, um,
Natalie Austin: I'll give you, I'll give you a 16. Okay, that'll be
Natalie Austin: That'll be good till next Thursday.
Next Thursday, where have
Natalie Austin: You can come tomorrow if you want. Yes, but I'll give you enough till next Thursday. Just in case you're not Tomorrow's gonna short notice for you. I don't know, you're welcome to come. Absolutely.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay.
Natalie Austin: If you can come tomorrow's noon and six, we have two different groups.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay. And do I use this number to like log on for
Natalie Austin: Nope, that's my, that's my zoom room.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: The therapist Rochelle has her own zoom number though email that to you.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay. All right. Cool.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: But this will be enough took a till next usually I I refill them every Thursday when I see you
Natalie Austin: Okay, and then
Natalie Austin: After you get your urine done and you know you show that you're showing up every week. Then we go to two weeks and then four weeks.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, well,
Natalie Austin: You probably want did that, no. Did you got through that with the other doctor
Natalie Austin: I
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, it was, it was. Yeah, one week and then two weeks and then a month.
Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And that they're going to send you
Natalie Austin: An email with it has the urine drug screen in it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, we're
Kelsey Mcginty: Doing the same places my lab work.
Natalie Austin: Yes, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Whenever I send a script out, it sends you a text from good RX. Okay. That way you know I sent it. It's just a feature they have on there. It's kind of bizarre but
Natalie Austin: You know, I sent a text. People always say, Did you send it try call no one ever knows when they go out, so I don't
Natalie Austin: I've been clicking on it. So you guys know
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: See it's going now.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I sent it to CBS. Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, cool. Thank you.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's go over your on your past medical history do you have diabetes.
Natalie Austin: Nope, cholesterol, anxiety, depression, nothing.
Kelsey Mcginty: I have anxiety. I'm
Natalie Austin: Just taking any medicine for it.
No.
Natalie Austin: No. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, any surgeries.
Nope.
Natalie Austin: C section or
No.
Natalie Austin: Matter natural
All right. Yep.
Natalie Austin: I your local where you live now have a local hospital.
Kelsey Mcginty: Um, yeah. Medina Agron general or Medina Cleveland Clinic.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: So no surgery. So I've your appendix your tonsils and your gallbladder.
Natalie Austin: Yep, you have all your parts.
I do
Kelsey Mcginty: Good on the kidney. If anybody wants on. I'm just kidding.
Natalie Austin: Oh, there you go.
Natalie Austin: What, how much those are going for no
Right.
Kelsey Mcginty: I'm O negative. I think so.
Natalie Austin: Your universal
Yeah.
So,
Kelsey Mcginty: I got a good kidney
Natalie Austin: That's fair game. Don't go don't go down to New Orleans, though.
Natalie Austin: And don't let anyone know you have a negative down there.
Right.
Kelsey Mcginty: Um Hoodoo or something.
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay. So, no, sir.
Kelsey Mcginty: Are you still there.
Kelsey Mcginty: Know,
Kelsey Mcginty: You there.
Kelsey Mcginty: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I can hear you.
Kelsey Mcginty: Can hear me now froze up there for a minute. Yeah, I can.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, I just checked my bars. I have full bars on there so
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay, yeah, I think you do down there too. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Natalie Austin: Um, family history, your, um, your father's deceased.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, he passed away from colon cancer.
Natalie Austin: Okay, at what age was he
Kelsey Mcginty: He would have been 60
Kelsey Mcginty: He just turned 6262
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And your mom.
Kelsey Mcginty: She's pretty healthy, she's alive.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you talk to her regularly or
Natalie Austin: No.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yes, she looks pretty close. No too far. So her and I are into the whole Dumpster diving thing and watch those videos on YouTube.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I watched those two
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh my gosh. And it's so true, though, you can get like
Kelsey Mcginty: I found two flat screen TVs that work.
Kelsey Mcginty: I didn't own a flat screen TV until like three years ago, like people throwing away a perfectly good flat screen TVs and a pair of Sperry shoes that are brand new never been worn well
Kelsey Mcginty: I know, it's crazy.
Natalie Austin: That behind us. I'm all
Kelsey Mcginty: I'm excited. I gotta go series. I'm not like a big like just like a plaza like in like a plaza
Kelsey Mcginty: CSW and and bunch of Bath and Body Works stuff. Oh my gosh I advances, it works sandals to last me until the end of the world.
Kelsey Mcginty: I know, crazy. I never thought like those videos were real. I'm like, oh my god, this is all staged and like
Natalie Austin: That's what I thought, too.
Kelsey Mcginty: It's great. It actually disgusts me though. How much like waste and perfectly good stuff at like could be donated
Kelsey Mcginty: Food and stuff like so many like bags of unexpired on recall like perfectly good dog food that
Natalie Austin: Lamp bell to, you know,
Kelsey Mcginty: You know, like, like people could use that stuff.
Natalie Austin: They can donate. If you're a good well even, you know,
Natalie Austin: Oh,
Kelsey Mcginty: So yeah, we're into that now.
Natalie Austin: That's cool. How often do you go, do you still do now, because a coven or
Kelsey Mcginty: Well, yeah, to be honest, it's the best time to go because stores are operating on like a minimal, you know, and they're getting rid of a lot of stuff that I'm
That's true.
Natalie Austin: That's wild.
Kelsey Mcginty: Once or twice a week.
Natalie Austin: Oh my, that's awesome.
Kelsey Mcginty: And they're not like we don't like, you know, when people think like dumpster you that's grow as well you know these sensors don't have food in, um,
So, yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: And Body Works dumpster smells delicious.
Kelsey Mcginty: I bet.
Smells so good.
Natalie Austin: That's
Natalie Austin: Right. Does anyone ever. Do you ever encounter people saying, Get out of there. Stop.
Natalie Austin: Don't shoot away or anything.
Natalie Austin: No.
Kelsey Mcginty: That's awesome. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: It's cool.
Natalie Austin: I saw that one where she found all those gift cards. Did you see that one.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, yeah, where she could make money on them.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Hundred dollars he had $100 on it.
Kelsey Mcginty: throws away games I found, I found games and stuff again stuff like perfectly fine games I found like parts like controllers and stuff for like
Kelsey Mcginty: Nintendo switches and just talk to suffer like why would you go throw this away. I thought a perfectly good paper shredder. I'm in office man acts like an expensive one. I'm like oh my god Craftsman circular saw.
Kelsey Mcginty: That my, my boyfriend for a particular song he does, he does.
Kelsey Mcginty: So contractor.
Kelsey Mcginty: You know,
Kelsey Mcginty: Modeling. So for houses and he's been wanting a new circular saw forever and like what are the chances that he in Craftsman is they have a brand that I found
Kelsey Mcginty: Like a brand new Christmas or do I saw with the case for him.
Natalie Austin: Just throw $100 on a couple hundred dollars.
Natalie Austin: Wow that's super cold.
Right.
Natalie Austin: Wow, you just even sell stuff you don't need or donate it to
Kelsey Mcginty: Really absolutely i just i like
Kelsey Mcginty: I usually post on Facebook. Like, does anybody need any we found a bunch of like brand new head and shoulders shampoo at Big Lots last week like 52 bottles of it and that stuff's expensive. It's like $6 a bottle for head and shoulders.
Kelsey Mcginty: My I gave a bunch to everybody. I'm like, if you
Kelsey Mcginty: Have danger control for the rest of my life so
Kelsey Mcginty: Let me know.
Natalie Austin: That's cool.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: That's fun, you should you should start videotaping you guys do video
Kelsey Mcginty: I should I have, I have a GoPro to I should get like a
Kelsey Mcginty: No, go for it. Like,
Kelsey Mcginty: Like
Kelsey Mcginty: Build like a tactic onto my body somewhere so I can have my hands free
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you should, like I had my son has a GoPro. Yeah. I have been something yeah body had risked his body had wrist and Lang.
Kelsey Mcginty: Cool.
Natalie Austin: And I know my mouth. He's gonna
Natalie Austin: She's gonna go for it. You have a GoPro. Right. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, Pro two
Natalie Austin: Which one do you have to go pro
Kelsey Mcginty: Five maybe five
Natalie Austin: Miles, we have your last
Natalie Austin: Yeah, the hero five black
Kelsey Mcginty: Yes, black
Kelsey Mcginty: So we have. Yeah, it's cool.
Natalie Austin: That's neat.
Kelsey Mcginty: I bought it. When I went to Los Angeles last year and I didn't really end up using it that my
Natalie Austin: Own he went swimming last year with it. He's underwater.
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh, cool.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, whenever they go and I would
Natalie Austin: Guess waterproof without a case on it.
Kelsey Mcginty: You don't need a case on that one.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah. Oh, wow.
Kelsey Mcginty: I've always wanted to attach it to my ducks and just let them like run around for the day and see what they do when I'm not there.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you should
Natalie Austin: They get into what they do. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'll go with each other. Fight or they do. Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: They mess with the cat all day. I mean, the cat thinks he's a duck. Most of the time. OK, I will sit in my on eggs like I'm the nest eggs. Sometimes, yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: It's a male model.
Kelsey Mcginty: But they're all best friends like it just like the weirdest of, you know, creatures that should not co inhabit with each other, you know, they just coexist and and they love each other and it's
Kelsey Mcginty: Free
Natalie Austin: It is cool. They don't know any different, you know,
Natalie Austin: Oh, yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: That's like the moral life like you know
Kelsey Mcginty: We're all human beings, we're all living creatures. So why not coexist.
Exactly.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Haven't connected us as a spy cam. You can watch the GoPro on your phone, you get the GoPro app on your phone, you can do what connected to it and you can connect your GoPro to the app.
Natalie Austin: And you can see where the GoPro sees
Natalie Austin: Almost like a way like I
Kelsey Mcginty: Am be like
Kelsey Mcginty: I like summer driving in my car and like
Kelsey Mcginty: Habit attach the dock and watch them.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I think you have to be a certain distance is what
Natalie Austin: I think you might have to be a certain distance because that's the on the same Wi Fi network, I believe.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you're downstairs were outside. Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right, or to creep on my my fiance and see what he's
Kelsey Mcginty: Doing he's downstairs.
Natalie Austin: There you go.
Natalie Austin: I didn't know there was an app for that the GoPro app. Yeah, just call it. It's called GoPro app. Yeah.
Oh,
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: See
Natalie Austin: It's the world of ass now.
Kelsey Mcginty: I know there's that
Kelsey Mcginty: There's
Kelsey Mcginty: It for everything.
Natalie Austin: Jimmy, I want to say anything.
Kelsey Mcginty: I don't
Natalie Austin: Know any other medications. I mean,
Kelsey Mcginty: No Tylenol and ibuprofen.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, she's got two ducks.
Natalie Austin: So full
Natalie Austin: Of others that have
Kelsey Mcginty: OK.
Kelsey Mcginty: OK, I think you're okay for
Natalie Austin: Me. That's where neither one of us, removing
Kelsey Mcginty: I know
Natalie Austin: That's weird.
Kelsey Mcginty: It is starting to rain and get a little
Probiotics omega
Kelsey Mcginty: It could be that
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Um, any brothers or sisters
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, I have two brothers and two sisters
Kelsey Mcginty: Well, I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Living medical issues.
Kelsey Mcginty: No, no.
Natalie Austin: Are you gonna say your little brother. What
Kelsey Mcginty: Was my little brother. I have one brother that's younger than me for one sibling. He is 19 and then the rest are all older than me. The next one's probably like 33 or 34 up to like 42
Natalie Austin: Oh wow, that's a gap.
Natalie Austin: I know, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I'll healthy
Yeah.
Kelsey Mcginty: This is a baby.
Kelsey Mcginty: My brother.
Kelsey Mcginty: boys had a baby. Last year, last summer.
Natalie Austin: See our hands. Couple times over home.
Kelsey Mcginty: I am I am
Natalie Austin: It was your daughter play with them.
Kelsey Mcginty: She does. She does she like she just like
Kelsey Mcginty: This is
Kelsey Mcginty: She's just so much mentally older than you know little kids that like she just doesn't
Kelsey Mcginty: Should not that she doesn't. She does not like it, but she just just take it or leave it, playing with other kids, you know,
Kelsey Mcginty: She just moved much rather than yeah like stuff adults do like crafts and you know puzzles and just stuff that like five year old like boggles my mind for five year olds like
Natalie Austin: Girls mature work at the boys, too.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. That's awesome.
Kelsey Mcginty: So sassy.
Natalie Austin: Little drama queen.
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh my gosh, she is, she you know she's funny. And I'm like, so thankful that like I didn't have a kid that was just like dry and boring like just a normal kid, I guess, you know, because she's funny and she knows she's finding
Kelsey Mcginty: Things that are funny like her to an adult like not just like little kid humor like
Kelsey Mcginty: She just says things that are just so something that I would say to you know, my friends.
Natalie Austin: Uh huh. What kind of where she learned it from
Kelsey Mcginty: She learned. Yeah, yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's a cool. She's a Mini Me.
Kelsey Mcginty: I know she's
Kelsey Mcginty: She looks exactly like me to she has blond hair and or no she she has brown eyes but brownish like Hazel, they think you can see a little bit of green and I'm in the light, but there was a breath.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I'll tell you.
Natalie Austin: So so history.
Natalie Austin: Your, your fiance.
Kelsey Mcginty: So, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yep. Yeah, one one daughter, she's five
Natalie Austin: Yep, um, any alcohol use, or marijuana use and
Kelsey Mcginty: I mean he drinks socially and stuff. But other than that, no.
Kelsey Mcginty: He's pretty straight
Natalie Austin: How do you string socially to
Kelsey Mcginty: I don't, I'm not a drinker. I've never been like, I just, I have a
Kelsey Mcginty: I just don't like the taste. You know, it's
Kelsey Mcginty: Not even like
Kelsey Mcginty: I don't like the feeling of being drunk and like out of control of my
Kelsey Mcginty: Life my stuff. I mean,
Kelsey Mcginty: I don't know. It's just, I've never been a big drinker.
Kelsey Mcginty: So good. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Better when you're older, you have nice skin.
Natalie Austin: Dry your skin out. You see these old ladies and like, oh yeah, little harsh life you know
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, I believe it.
Natalie Austin: So and tobacco use.
Do you see
Natalie Austin: How, how much
Right, like
Kelsey Mcginty: Three quarters of a pack a day.
Natalie Austin: Since like age 18 1818
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'm
Natalie Austin: Okay, we never know allergies nomads.
Natalie Austin: Physical a review of systems. Do you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, body aches not going anywhere. No, no, no anxiety young he doesn't need all if I give anxiety right now.
Kelsey Mcginty: Not right now. It's like situational I should say like
Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: I mean, the thing is it making it any easier but
Kelsey Mcginty: I also broke out of the house for a while. Today, so
Natalie Austin: That's good.
Kelsey Mcginty: No, it's been driving me nuts like I'm not a homebody and like this whole thing is just driving me crazy. I mean, I still have yet to get the coven so i mean
Natalie Austin: The 1414 point system reviews negative. Oh yeah, I forgot to ask you, Are you employed or unemployed. Are you sick.
Natalie Austin: laid off.
Kelsey Mcginty: weight off because of
Natalie Austin: coronavirus Uh huh.
Natalie Austin: What did you do
Natalie Austin: Barton. Oh, cool.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: And the bar shut down. Yeah. Oh, that's a bummer.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right now all of them. And I mean,
Kelsey Mcginty: I know there's a lot of them that are going to be able to reopen
I know
Natalie Austin: I just found the news today Tyson closed.
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh my. Oh, and Smithfield to
Natalie Austin: Do that. I didn't know that.
Kelsey Mcginty: Because apparently 300 of their workers in North Dakota or North or South Dakota have coronavirus
Natalie Austin: That's how that's what Tyson is to they said
Natalie Austin: They said about Tyson.
Kelsey Mcginty: But it's just funny because all of that food is
Kelsey Mcginty: Processed and stuff over in China, and it's just shipped over here to be stamped and dated
Natalie Austin: I know
Natalie Austin: So,
Natalie Austin: It's gonna be a meat shortage chicken and meat storage in three weeks so
Natalie Austin: It's pretty much
Kelsey Mcginty: Better stock up on your meat now like
I know
Natalie Austin: Our stores have a limit of two now anyway. So you're like,
Natalie Austin: Unless you go every day, just, yeah.
Natalie Austin: Right seem to go like every day and get to, I guess,
Oh my goodness.
Natalie Austin: I'm a physical exam well developed wonders white female. How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: Ready. High five eight.
Natalie Austin: Wait.
Natalie Austin: I'm like 191 90 okay I'm Jim at AMP T parallel cardiac pauses and tap lungs non labor aspirations.
Natalie Austin: adalynn non descended extremities know de ma skin know rashes.
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five plus five able to move all extremities.
Natalie Austin: lymphatics Nolan fed up with the cycle or eight times three plus an uncooperative crayon neuro cranial nerves to do through 12 intact.
Natalie Austin: Cardiac related rhythm. It's all just stuff. I have to dictate for
Kelsey Mcginty: Your good
Natalie Austin: Exam, whatever.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, you're good.
Natalie Austin: When I get to this part of people look at me like,
Natalie Austin: I'm okay assessments.
Natalie Austin: opioid use disorder F1 1.10
Natalie Austin: I'm plan continue of keep an orphan for slash one 1pm twice daily the strips.
Natalie Austin: I sent to CVS pharmacy today.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Monthly urine drug screens will do weekly
Natalie Austin: Group and lead checks.
Natalie Austin: Um, yeah, the fruit will do your blood work, just the one time bloodwork
Kelsey Mcginty: Over
Natalie Austin: The email that to you already
Kelsey Mcginty: Um, they haven't they told me that I sent them a fax number for the closest quest. OK.
Kelsey Mcginty: OK, and then I don't know she has an email that gets
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Kelsey Mcginty: I know they have funky because of the coven
Kelsey Mcginty: And see them. Okay, but I'll get in as they can. As soon as I'm
Kelsey Mcginty: Here. Oh.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Copy to Dr. Johnson for cosine mental health exam completed.
Natalie Austin: Let's see, we covered everything or is checked. Oh, hey. R. S.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any other questions for me.
Kelsey Mcginty: We covered. I think we covered it. They're just they'll send me the information for the like the group and stuff. And you said noon and six.
Kelsey Mcginty: Oh yeah. Okay. Yep.
Natalie Austin: Let me text me text Jamie right now. Real quick, while I have you just to let her go.
Natalie Austin: Do you want to go tomorrow, or I'll just have her send you the information you can decide okay
Natalie Austin: Hold on one sec. Let me text her
Natalie Austin: Please.
Natalie Austin: Kelsey
Natalie Austin: Rochelle.
Natalie Austin: Tomorrow,
Natalie Austin: Or six
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right and
Natalie Austin: CBS hasn't called me yet. So that's a good sign.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay. Alright, cool.
Natalie Austin: So I like to i'd like to send the scripts out early. While we're talking just in case they do call we can kind of get it.
Kelsey Mcginty: Corrected
Natalie Austin: Or I'm done talking to you.
Natalie Austin: But then I called in. So
Natalie Austin: Let's cross our fingers.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right, right. Oh.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Well, if there's a problem there. Just give us a call.
Kelsey Mcginty: Okay. All right. We'll do
Natalie Austin: And I'll be happy to call the pharmacist and rectify whatever we need to
Kelsey Mcginty: Agree. All right. I appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome. No other questions.
Kelsey Mcginty: I don't think so. I'm not that I can take a very now.
Natalie Austin: was nice talking to you.
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, absolutely. I look for.
Natalie Austin: Fun. Was it fun.
Kelsey Mcginty: To meet the docs eventually sometime, I'm sure.
Natalie Austin: I want to see the doc. Once your daughter to absolutely
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, she's cute.
Natalie Austin: Well, the ducks quack on demand, probably not.
Kelsey Mcginty: They'll just quiet the whole time.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good. I'll get to hear them.
Kelsey Mcginty: Quiet sometimes
Kelsey Mcginty: They're quiet when I'm paying attention to them when I'm not paying attention to them. They're like,
Natalie Austin: Pay attention to me.
Right.
Natalie Austin: That's what kids.
Kelsey Mcginty: Are dogs.
Kelsey Mcginty: They are we, I had to start putting them in and create it and I because the one little dog. She would just hop up on our bed.
Kelsey Mcginty: And hop up like on either my fiance or mind chest like it any small noise. She would here in the House and just start quacking like, you know, I mean, I guess it's good like
Kelsey Mcginty: For an intruder. No, not that they could really, you know, stop an intruder. But I think at that point in a trigger would be so like just confused and like my bottle of like what the heck is that thing that's quacking at me.
Natalie Austin: That they would just leave. I know.
Natalie Austin: They're like burglar alarm.
Kelsey Mcginty: Right, right.
Natalie Austin: They were
Natalie Austin: Like yeah
Right.
Natalie Austin: Funny, you know, you have different ring tones.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: quacking ringtone.
Kelsey Mcginty: So you change it to a duck.
Kelsey Mcginty: Town. That's why would be awesome.
Kelsey Mcginty: That would throw people off for sure.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: I'm glad you got to get out of the house a little bit
Kelsey Mcginty: Yeah, me to
Natalie Austin: Be safe.
Natalie Austin: And okay, I might see you tomorrow. And I'll see you next week. Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Sounds good. I appreciate it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Kelsey Mcginty: Take care, you
Natalie Austin: See, you're welcome. Bye bye.